full translation of c00 (remaining c00/30/21->32, c00/34, c00/50) (#72)
IllusionMods/HS2-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c00/50/25/14/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Honey Select 2 v1.2.0 by Text Dump v1.4.3
//
夜なので人に見つかる心配は少なそうですが、スリルも減ってしまうのではありませんか？=It's night, so there's less worry about about being spotted, but that somehow makes it less thrilling, doesn't it?
夜は肌寒いですね、くっついて身体を温め合いましょう。=It's chilly at night, so let's stay together and warm eachother.

> 昼は子供の為の場所も、夜には姿を変えてしまう……なんとも背徳的ですね。=A place for children during the day, changed into something else at night... How immoral!

Reviewer: This is fine as is if you want. Suggesting alternative:
```suggestion
昼は子供の為の場所も、夜には姿を変えてしまう……なんとも背徳的ですね。=Kids play here during the day, and now you want to "play" here at night... How immoral!
```

Author: oooh, i like the pun idea!  how about: 
Kids play here during the day, and we'll "play" at night... How immoral!  (i've used this for now, if you want to change stuff, let me know)

(she's really into it(enjoyment lvl), so just casting the blame on the guy doesn't really fit :P )

Reviewer: I don't think "you want to" is casting blame in any way, just reacting whatever the player said (we never really know what that it). But your change is fine as is.
